{{ prefix-name }}-{{ suffix-name }}
============

A gRPC, [12-factor](https://12factor.net/) microservice generated by
[Archetect](https://github.com/archetect/archetect) from the
[Tonic / SeaORM](https://github.com/archetect/archetype-rust-service-tonic-workspace) archetype.

{% if persistence != 'None' %}This project's layers are contained within the following modules. Each layer may be used and tested independently, whether
you'd like to embed the lowest persistence layer in an ETL application, embed the middle core layer in an application
composed of multiple business domains, or embed the highest server layer in a integration test.
{% else %}This project's layers are contained within the following modules. Each layer may be used and tested independently.
{% endif %}
* [{{ prefix-name }}-{{ suffix-name }}: Bin](crates/{{ prefix_name }}_{{ suffix_name }}_bin/README.md) - CLI, Configuration Loading, Operational Controls
* [{{ prefix-name }}-{{ suffix-name }}: Client](crates/{{ prefix_name }}_{{ suffix_name }}_client/README.md) - Client Library used in integration tests and external applications
* [{{ prefix-name }}-{{ suffix-name }}: Core](crates/{{ prefix_name }}_{{ suffix_name }}_core/README.md) - Core business logic implementing the gRPC API
{% if persistence != 'None' %}* [{{ prefix-name }}-{{ suffix-name }}: Persistence](crates/{{ prefix_name }}_{{ suffix_name }}_persistence/README.md) - Persistence Logic
{% endif %}* [{{ prefix-name }}-{{ suffix-name }}: Server](crates/{{ prefix_name }}_{{ suffix_name }}_server/README.md) - Exposes the Core as a network server

## Building

{% if persistence != 'None' %}To build the project locally, check the [Build Requirements](#build-requirements) below for instructions on installing
Rust, PostgreSQL, and Docker.
{% else %}To build the project locally, check the [Build Requirements](#build-requirements) below for instructions on installing Rust.
{% endif %}
Rust projects are built using the `cargo` package manager.

    cargo build

### Build Requirements

In order to build the service on your local machine, you will need the following:

#### The Rust Toolchain

Rust can be installed and managed through [Rustup](https://rustup.rs/).
{% if persistence != 'None' %}
#### Docker

Docker is used for executing most integration tests, and can optionally be used to start this service with an ephemeral
database. See the [Docker](https://www.docker.com/get-started) website to install it.
{% endif %}